Updates installation instructions and tutorial doc (#315)
BrightSpots/rcv: README.md

## Dependencies

#### Java
[JDK 11+](https://jdk.java.net/) (OpenJDK recommended)

#### Other Dependencies
See the `dependencies` entry in the [Gradle build file](build.gradle). Gradle should be used to automatically download these libraries.

## Overview

The Universal Tabulator is a free, open-source application designed to quickly and accurately tabulate a wide variety of ranked choice voting elections.

The Tabulator requires a "contest configuration" file as input, which specifies:
- Which tabulation rule variations to use
- A list of registered candidates 
- One or more cast vote record files
- Output formatting options (contest name, where to write output files, etc.)

The Tabulator produces the following as output:

> - A results spreadsheet including round-by-round vote totals for each candidate and the eventual winner(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A summary .csv file containing round-by-round vote totals for each candidate and the eventual winner(s)
```

> - A JSON file containing the same information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A summary .json file containing additional information which can be used by external tools for visualizing contest results
```

> - An audit log describing how every ballot was counted in each round over the course of the tabulation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A detailed audit .log file describing how every ballot was counted in each round over the course of the tabulation
```

> The Tabulator includes the following functionality:

Reviewer: I'd move this paragraph up so it follows immediately after "The Universal Tabulator is a free..."
